from this transcription of a youtube video:
1. convert it into article like in medium.com. 
2. video title is "What Is LangChain - LangChain + ChatGPT Overview"
3. the transcription may contain typo, fix it accordingly with video title if you find any.
4. answer with only the article.
transcription = 
Hello, good people and welcome to a tutorial series on lane chain.
In this introductory video, we're going to talk about our goals for this series.
We're going to talk about what lane chain is and we're going to talk about why I think
it's a crucial investment to put energy into learning what lane chain is and how you can
use it.
Now, first off, how the series is going to work, we're going to run through the documentation
that they've provided and I'm going to speak over the documentation and provide some real
world code samples and extend them just a little bit so you can see some functionality
that you may find applicable in your business or your personal life.
Now how is the series going to be going?
Well, it's mostly going to be around short tutorial videos.
However, you may get crazy and go, say, roaring kitty style and do some three hour videos,
but we will see.
Now, why is lane chain important and what is it?
Well, first, before I go and explain that, I want to kind of set up what the problem
is.
Now, what we're looking at here is we're looking at chat GPT and this is something that we
all know and I'm going to first ask chat GPT, what is lane chain?
What is lane chain?
And we'll see what it says for us and says, oh, shoot, I'm sorry, but I'm not familiar
with the term lane chain.
Now, why could this be?
Well, it's because lane chain is a more recent library that just came out.
I think I was just looking at our Harrison was speaking and he said he went full time
on it three weeks ago.
So this is something like in January of 23, he went full time on it.
That is one of the creators of lane chain.
Now this is new and chat GPT has not been trained on data more recent than I think 2021.
Now open AI is definitely going to get there eventually, but they haven't done it yet.
So that's problem number one.
Problem number two is how many Google docs did I write last year?
Now, if I were to ask chat GPT, how many Google docs did I write last year?
Let's see what it says.
Let's give it a second.
It's going a little bit slow.
I'm going to pause it here just until it comes back for us.
And there it goes.
So it says, I'm sorry, but as an AI model, I do not have access to your personal information,
which makes complete sense because I've not linked my Google drive to it and it has no
understanding about who I am.
Well, not in the explicit sense and it can't do that for me.
So what's really cool is that that is where lane chain likes to play.
Now if I were to represent this in a different way, rather than just questions, what we're
doing here is I'm this cool person with the sunglasses and I'm accessing the open AI API,
the artificial intelligence models.
I just did it through my browser, which is over here on the left, but you could also
do this through the API and they have an API that you can go in and there's plenty of
tutorials about how to use that, which is cool.
However, it's not connected to my outside information and this is where lane chain starts
to come in.
So if I put myself right in the middle there, what lane chain does is it's going to connect
your AI models that you want to use, whether it's open AI or something on Huggingface and
it is going to connect to outside sources and it's going to do some really cool things
without those outside sources.
So all of a sudden you can start to chain together commands, which is the chain in lane
chain and you can say, Hey, what is the weather today to open AI?
And it is going to come back and those language models are going to understand what are the
series of questions that it needs to do to understand how to get the information that
you want.
Now, the applications of this are almost endless and they're building even more integrations
every single day.
If you follow them on Twitter or their GitHub change log, you can see some really cool things
that they're putting out.
So I think that this is an amazing place to start to learn because by learning this or
by choosing to learn this, you're betting that open AI and Huggingface are not going
to build direct integrations to the tools that you use every day.
Now in my opinion, open AI, open AI wants to remain on the API at the very bottom layer
and just be an API for certain machine learning models.
They do not want to build direct integrations into Google, into Notion, into Wolfram Alvram.
They want the community to do that.
So by learning lane chain, you're taking the bet that there's going to be a separation
and different abstraction layers and this is the piece that is going to connect those
different layers.
Now, is lane chain going to be the library that wins it all and going to be very ubiquitous?
Who knows?
I don't know.
But I guarantee that by learning the functionality in this library, whichever one does come around,
you're going to find extremely valuable.
Now that's lane chain and I encourage you to go check out their documentation.
Now in fact, what we're going to do in a lot of this tutorial series, let me just make
this a little smaller, what we're going to do in this tutorial series is we're going
to run through their documentation and I'm going to start to explain what you can do
with it.
They have a lot of cool modules and they'll have a lot of cool use cases like starting
to create agents that can do things off here on your behalf, how to create chatbots, how
to do some generations and question answering, summarization, we're going to do some really
cool stuff here, evaluation and et cetera, et cetera.
Now as more documentation comes out, we'll do more videos, but this is just a quick overview
about how this is going to run.
I encourage you to subscribe to this channel to see when other videos come out or if you
want to get them via email, go to dataindependent.com, which this channel is associated with and
you can sign up for the email newsletter, not a newsletter, but just get updated when
new videos come out there.
Now I hope that you're having fun.
I hope you're going to enjoy this with me because I'm really excited to learn this alongside
of you and build some really cool things.
The last thing that I will say is my emphasis as a instructor is always about real world
applications.
I don't really care about theory.
I'm not a hardcore machine learning stats person who's going to show you some academic
papers.
I really care about having you make impact in the B2B environment or in your personal
life because I believe that these tools can leverage up the amount of impact that we can
have so that one person or a small team of people can create a lot more good in the world
and impact on the world.
So I'll wrap up with that.
Very excited to learn with you.
Let's have some fun.

now extract keyword. 
1. keywords must be relevant with the text.
2. keywords must be precise with the text.
3. each keywords must be as little word as possible and not verbose, eg API services --> API.
4. answer only with format of python list.